docs/manual/src/lua.entity.adoc, before:

Here is the list of functions currently offered by the lua `Entity` wrapper:

===== Entity.from(pointer)
Creates a lua wrapper from a C++ pointer and returns it to the caller.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Please note that this is a static method invoked on the `Entity` class so you must use a single dot, such as in the following example:

[source,lua]
----
local o = Entity.from(pointer)
----
====

===== Entity:fire(shouldFire)
Determines whether the wrapped entity should pull the trigger or not. The `shouldFire` argument must be a boolean value, either `true` or `false`.

===== Entity:kill(reason)
Triggers the kill of the wrapped entity with the specified reason. Reason must be one of the following:

|===
| `DeathReason.OutOfVisibleArea` | Usually signals that the entity has crossed the borders of the visible screen space
| `DeathReason.Killed` | Signals that the entity has taken damage until it was killed.
| `DeathReason.JobFinished` | Specifies that the entity completed it's life cycle in a clean manner.
|===

NOTE: This in turn will call the `onDeath()` brain handler so do mind any side effects when using this.

===== Entity:killAllChildren(reason)
Triggers the killing of all entities which are children of the current entity. In order to see what the effect of this call is, head over to <<Entity:kill(reason)>>

===== Entity:provideDamage(amount, inflicterPointer)
Provides damage to the current entity with the given `amount` and acting as if being inflicted by the entity specified by `inflicterPointer`. This will in turn call the specified entity's `onDamage()` brain handling.
Usages include boss minions routing the damage they receive to their parent, namely the boss head. This way you can have a creature composed of many parts that act as a single entity.

Example that shows how to route the damage we receive to our parent:
[source,lua]
----
function onDamage(selfPtr, amount, inflicterPtr)
    local o = Entity.from(selfPtr)
    if o:hasParent() then
        local parent = o:getParent()
        parent:provideDamage(amount, inflicterPtr)
    end 
end
----

===== Entity:isAnimationFinished()
Returns `true` if the animation currently playing for the wrapped entity has finished, `false` otherwise. The folloiwing example shows the typical implementation of an __Explosion__ entity which does not interact with the scenery and whose only purpose in life is to die after its animation is finished:

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)
    if o:isAnimationFinished() then
        o:kill(DeathReason.JobFinished)
    end
end
----

===== Entity:hasParent()
Returns `true` if the entity has a living parent, `false` otherwise.

===== Entity:getParent()
Returns the entity's parent as another `Entity` object.

===== Entity:getId()
Returns the entity's numeric `id` as provided by the game. This identifier is unique for every entity.

===== Entity:getPosition()
Returns the `x`,`y` components of the current entity's position.

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)
    local x, y = o:getPosition()
end
----

===== Entity:setPosition(x, y)
Sets the entity's position on the screen. Here's an example of how to make an entity's `y` position increase with 100 pixels per second:

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)
    local x, y = o:getPosition()

    y += 100*elapsedTime

    o:setPosition(x, y)
end
----

===== Entity:setRotation(amount)
Sets the entity's orientation. The `amount` is in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radian[radians], ranging from `0` to `2 * math.pi` for a full clockwise rotation. Here are the rotation values of some wide encountered orientations:

|===
| `0` | Original orientation, nothing changed
| `math.pi/2` | The entity is turned 90 degrees clockwise
| `math.pi` | The entity is turned 180 degrees clockwise, or in other words upside down
| `3*math.pi/2` | The entity is turned 270 degrees clockwise
|===

NOTE: When you rotate an entity, not only its visual representation will be affected but its collision hull as well.

===== Entity:getRotation()
Returns the entity's orientation in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radian[radians]. This is useful in case you want to incrementally rotate an entity in time, like in the following example:

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)

    local rotationsPerSecond = 2
    local rotation = o:getRotation()
    rotation += rotationsPerSecond*(2*math.pi)*elapsedSeconds

    o:setRotation(rotation)
end
----

===== Entity:getLife()
Returns the entity's current life value.

===== Entity:setLife(value)
Sets the entity's life amount to the provided `value`.

===== Entity:getMaxLife()
Returns the entity's maximum life value. This may be affected by picking up bonus items and such.

===== Entity:setMaxLife(value)
Sets the entity's maximum life value. 

===== Entity:setColor(r, g, b, a)
Sets the entity's modulating color. At rendering, this color will be multiplied to the entity's sprite texture allowing the implementation of interesting visual notifications for the player.

The following example modulates the entity color, making it pulsate from totally visible to totally not visible once per second:

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)

    local time = o:getFloat("time")+elapsedSeconds
    local alpha = (math.sin(2*math.pi*time)/2)+0.5

    o:setFloat("time", time)
    o:setColor(alpha, alpha, alpha, alpha)
end
----

===== Entity:setScale(amount)
Scales the entity with the provided `amount`. The default scale factor is `1`. If the provided `amount` is less than 1 the entity's size will appear to be decreasing whereas values greater than 1 make the entity bigger.

NOTE: When scaling an entity, not only its visual representation is being scaled but its collision hull as well.

Here's an example for time dependent scaling which has the effect of making the entity appear to be go below and above its _normal_ level due to scaling:

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)

    local time = o:getFloat("time")+elapsedSeconds -- <1>

    local scaleFactor = math.sin(2*math.pi*time) -- <2>
    scaleFactor = scaleFactor/2 + 0.5 -- <3>
    scaleFactor = scaleFactor*0.4 + 0.8 -- <4>

    o:setScale(scaleFactor) -- <5>
    o:setFloat("time", time) -- <6>
end
----
<1> Make sure the _**time**_ entity attribute holds the time of it being alive
<2> Calculate the scale factor for the current time. The output of this line will be a value oscillating from `-1` to `1` once per second
<3> Translate the previous value from the `[-1, 1]` domain to the `[0, 1]` domain
<4> Compress the value oscillation from the `[0, 1]` domain into the `[0, 0.4]` domain and add `0.8` to it. This will make our `scaleFactor` oscillate from `0.8 + 0` to `0.8 + 0.4` or `[0.8, 1.2]`
<5> Finally sets the scale factor for this entity
<6> Saves the _**time**_ value as an entity attribute

===== Entity:getScale()
Returns the entity's scale factor. 

===== Entity:getPointer()
Returns the C++ pointer to this entity.

===== Entity:setFloat(name, value)
Sets a float attribute for this entity with name `name` and value `value`. This attribute will be available for the whole lifetime of the entity or until it is being changed by another call to `setFloat()`

===== Entity:getFloat(name)
Returns entity's value for float attribute with name `name`. If no such attribute has been previously set, a default `0` value is returned.

===== Entity:setInt(name, value)
Sets an integer attribute for this entity with name `name` and value `value`. This attribute will be available for the whole lifetime of the entity or until it is being changed by another call to `setInt()`

===== Entity:getInt(name)
Returns entity's value for integer attribute with name `name`. If no such attribute has been previously set, a default `0` value is returned.

===== Entity:setBrain(name)
Changes the brain of this entity to an instance of the brain corresponding to the specified `name`. This allows constructing complex behaviour, such as multiple phases for a boss as the following example demonstrates:

[source,lua]
.boss.normal.lua
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)

    if o:getLife() < 100 then
        o:setBrain("boss.angry.lua")
    end
end
----

[source,lua]
.boss.angry.lua
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)

    if o:getLife() < 10 then
        o:setBrain("boss.desperate.lua")
    end
end
----

Commit message:

Level editor: expose entity weapons for editing #33
Decided to go on a different route than the initial suggestion in the issue description.
Removed weapon editing from the editor and instead added a new Lua abstration, Weapon.
Bullet emitters can be added to weapons and weapons instead can be attached to entities.
Updated manual to reflect the changes.
This fixes #33.

docs/manual/src/lua.entity.adoc, after:

Here is the list of functions currently offered by the lua `Entity` wrapper:

===== Entity.from(pointer)
Creates a lua wrapper from a C++ pointer and returns it to the caller.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Please note that this is a static method invoked on the `Entity` class so you must use a single dot, such as in the following example:

[source,lua]
----
local o = Entity.from(pointer)
----
====

===== Entity:addWeapon(weapon)
Adds a weapon with the specified definition to the current entity.

weapon:: a `Weapon` lua object

===== Entity:fire(shouldFire)
Determines whether the wrapped entity should pull the trigger or not. The `shouldFire` argument must be a boolean value, either `true` or `false`.
Whenever the current entity fires, all its attached weapons will be triggered.

===== Entity:kill(reason)
Triggers the kill of the wrapped entity with the specified reason. Reason must be one of the following:

|===
| `DeathReason.OutOfVisibleArea` | Usually signals that the entity has crossed the borders of the visible screen space
| `DeathReason.Killed` | Signals that the entity has taken damage until it was killed.
| `DeathReason.JobFinished` | Specifies that the entity completed it's life cycle in a clean manner.
|===

NOTE: This in turn will call the `onDeath()` brain handler so do mind any side effects when using this.

===== Entity:killAllChildren(reason)
Triggers the killing of all entities which are children of the current entity. In order to see what the effect of this call is, head over to <<Entity:kill(reason)>>

===== Entity:provideDamage(amount, inflicterPointer)
Provides damage to the current entity with the given `amount` and acting as if being inflicted by the entity specified by `inflicterPointer`. This will in turn call the specified entity's `onDamage()` brain handling.
Usages include boss minions routing the damage they receive to their parent, namely the boss head. This way you can have a creature composed of many parts that act as a single entity.

Example that shows how to route the damage we receive to our parent:
[source,lua]
----
function onDamage(selfPtr, amount, inflicterPtr)
    local o = Entity.from(selfPtr)
    if o:hasParent() then
        local parent = o:getParent()
        parent:provideDamage(amount, inflicterPtr)
    end 
end
----

===== Entity:isAnimationFinished()
Returns `true` if the animation currently playing for the wrapped entity has finished, `false` otherwise. The folloiwing example shows the typical implementation of an __Explosion__ entity which does not interact with the scenery and whose only purpose in life is to die after its animation is finished:

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)
    if o:isAnimationFinished() then
        o:kill(DeathReason.JobFinished)
    end
end
----

===== Entity:hasParent()
Returns `true` if the entity has a living parent, `false` otherwise.

===== Entity:getParent()
Returns the entity's parent as another `Entity` object.

===== Entity:getId()
Returns the entity's numeric `id` as provided by the game. This identifier is unique for every entity.

===== Entity:getPosition()
Returns the `x`,`y` components of the current entity's position.

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)
    local x, y = o:getPosition()
end
----

===== Entity:setPosition(x, y)
Sets the entity's position on the screen. Here's an example of how to make an entity's `y` position increase with 100 pixels per second:

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)
    local x, y = o:getPosition()

    y += 100*elapsedTime

    o:setPosition(x, y)
end
----

===== Entity:setRotation(amount)
Sets the entity's orientation. The `amount` is in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radian[radians], ranging from `0` to `2 * math.pi` for a full clockwise rotation. Here are the rotation values of some wide encountered orientations:

|===
| `0` | Original orientation, nothing changed
| `math.pi/2` | The entity is turned 90 degrees clockwise
| `math.pi` | The entity is turned 180 degrees clockwise, or in other words upside down
| `3*math.pi/2` | The entity is turned 270 degrees clockwise
|===

NOTE: When you rotate an entity, not only its visual representation will be affected but its collision hull as well.

===== Entity:getRotation()
Returns the entity's orientation in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radian[radians]. This is useful in case you want to incrementally rotate an entity in time, like in the following example:

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)

    local rotationsPerSecond = 2
    local rotation = o:getRotation()
    rotation += rotationsPerSecond*(2*math.pi)*elapsedSeconds

    o:setRotation(rotation)
end
----

===== Entity:getLife()
Returns the entity's current life value.

===== Entity:setLife(value)
Sets the entity's life amount to the provided `value`.

===== Entity:getMaxLife()
Returns the entity's maximum life value. This may be affected by picking up bonus items and such.

===== Entity:setMaxLife(value)
Sets the entity's maximum life value. 

===== Entity:setColor(r, g, b, a)
Sets the entity's modulating color. At rendering, this color will be multiplied to the entity's sprite texture allowing the implementation of interesting visual notifications for the player.

The following example modulates the entity color, making it pulsate from totally visible to totally not visible once per second:

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)

    local time = o:getFloat("time")+elapsedSeconds
    local alpha = (math.sin(2*math.pi*time)/2)+0.5

    o:setFloat("time", time)
    o:setColor(alpha, alpha, alpha, alpha)
end
----

===== Entity:setScale(amount)
Scales the entity with the provided `amount`. The default scale factor is `1`. If the provided `amount` is less than 1 the entity's size will appear to be decreasing whereas values greater than 1 make the entity bigger.

NOTE: When scaling an entity, not only its visual representation is being scaled but its collision hull as well.

Here's an example for time dependent scaling which has the effect of making the entity appear to be go below and above its _normal_ level due to scaling:

[source,lua]
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)

    local time = o:getFloat("time")+elapsedSeconds -- <1>

    local scaleFactor = math.sin(2*math.pi*time) -- <2>
    scaleFactor = scaleFactor/2 + 0.5 -- <3>
    scaleFactor = scaleFactor*0.4 + 0.8 -- <4>

    o:setScale(scaleFactor) -- <5>
    o:setFloat("time", time) -- <6>
end
----
<1> Make sure the _**time**_ entity attribute holds the time of it being alive
<2> Calculate the scale factor for the current time. The output of this line will be a value oscillating from `-1` to `1` once per second
<3> Translate the previous value from the `[-1, 1]` domain to the `[0, 1]` domain
<4> Compress the value oscillation from the `[0, 1]` domain into the `[0, 0.4]` domain and add `0.8` to it. This will make our `scaleFactor` oscillate from `0.8 + 0` to `0.8 + 0.4` or `[0.8, 1.2]`
<5> Finally sets the scale factor for this entity
<6> Saves the _**time**_ value as an entity attribute

===== Entity:getScale()
Returns the entity's scale factor. 

===== Entity:getPointer()
Returns the C++ pointer to this entity.

===== Entity:setFloat(name, value)
Sets a float attribute for this entity with name `name` and value `value`. This attribute will be available for the whole lifetime of the entity or until it is being changed by another call to `setFloat()`

===== Entity:getFloat(name)
Returns entity's value for float attribute with name `name`. If no such attribute has been previously set, a default `0` value is returned.

===== Entity:setInt(name, value)
Sets an integer attribute for this entity with name `name` and value `value`. This attribute will be available for the whole lifetime of the entity or until it is being changed by another call to `setInt()`

===== Entity:getInt(name)
Returns entity's value for integer attribute with name `name`. If no such attribute has been previously set, a default `0` value is returned.

===== Entity:setBrain(name)
Changes the brain of this entity to an instance of the brain corresponding to the specified `name`. This allows constructing complex behaviour, such as multiple phases for a boss as the following example demonstrates:

[source,lua]
.boss.normal.lua
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)

    if o:getLife() < 100 then
        o:setBrain("boss.angry.lua")
    end
end
----

[source,lua]
.boss.angry.lua
----
function updateEntity(objectPointer, elapsedSeconds)
    local o = Entity.from(objectPointer)

    if o:getLife() < 10 then
        o:setBrain("boss.desperate.lua")
    end
end
----
